BOREAS - The Boreal Ecosystem-Atmosphere Study is an intensive remote-sensing 
and field study of a Canadian boreal forest. BOREAS investigates exchanges of 
energy, water, heat, CO2, and trace gases between the boreal forest and the 
atmosphere. Field campaigns were conducted using surface, airborne, and 
satellite observations to characterize biological and physical processes that 
govern the exchanges. A network of towers was used to measure surface-atmosphere 
fluxes using eddy correlation equipment. Data are availablethrough the ORNL 
DAAC's BIOME online search-and-order system, and through the BOREAS page 
maintained by the ORNL DAAC. 

Additional information on the BOREAS project is available by accessing the 
BOREAS home page maintained by the NASA Goddard Space Flight Center. 

The overall characteristics and availability of this data collection are 
summarized below. 

    Spatial: 1000 x 1000 km study area, 2 intensive field sites; 
		north-central Canada 
    Temporal: Sept. 1993 - Oct. 1996; periodic intensive field campaigns 
    Data Themes: surface-atmosphere fluxes, ecology, trace gases, hydrology, 
		and remote-sensing 
    Project Status: completed 

BOREAS data holdings are structured "BOREAS Science Group"/dataset.
BOREAS science teams are combined into the following BOREAS Science Groups 
	Airborne Fluxes and Meteorology (AFM)
	Hydrology (HYD)
	Remote Sensing Science (RSS)
	Staff Science (STAFF)
	Terrestrial Ecology (TE)
	Tower Fluxes (TF)
	Trace Gas Biogeochemistry (TGB)
Contained within each dataset directory is /comp [for companion files] and /data
[for real data].  Image datasets may have a /viewer subdirectory with
JPG files for browsing.

KEYWORDS:
boreal, forest, Canada, atmosphere, carbon dioxide, climate, change, satellite, 
water, temperature, precipitation, biome, radiative, energy, heat, trace gases, 
global, change, warming, continental, interior, cycle, soil, edaphic, moisture, 
climatology, evapotranspiration, humidity, cloud, cloudiness, ecosystem, 
biogeochemistry, atmosphere, aircraft, remote sensing, radiation, field 
experiment, EOSDIS 
